---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-11T17:23:17.075Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-11T17:22:42.186Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-11-257404da-2da4-4bc8-a90d-2068389815e2.md
published: true
url: 257404da-2da4-4bc8-a90d-2068389815e2/index.html
_type: Article

---
With 10 years in the residential real estate brokerage industry, Jay has earned a reputation for professionalism & cooperation among peers, and an established track record of sales success. 

Having earned his Masters of Science in Real Estate at the Runstad Center for Real Estate Studies at the University of Washington, Jay brings a wealth of knowledge regarding appraisal, market analysis, capital markets, and marketing to any real estate transaction. His personal connection to commercial real estate developers, lenders, architects, and builders help our team stay abreast of all current real estate trends. 

Prior to joining Realogics Sotheby's International Realty, Jay worked for two years at Ewing & Clark, Seattle's oldest luxury real estate brokerage firm, and seven years at Coldwell Banker Bain, the \#1 Coldwell Banker affiliate franchise worldwide. During his tenure at both firms, Jay and his business partner Christine were their offices' \#1 producing office agents, respectively. While at Ewing & Clark, Jay was appointed as a Regent to the Board of Regents of LuxuryRealEstate.com and while at Coldwell Banker, Jay and Christine achieved the company's highest corporate designation of International President's Premier. 

Jay's brokerage experience representing Mangers, Directors, Vice Presidents and C-Level executives for some of the largest companies in the Pacific Northwest place him in the top 1% of sales volume nationwide. Jay is a fourth-generation native of the Pacific Northwest, born and raised on Seattle's Eastside.